(Respect copyright)
♪Memories hold you back from fulfilling your dreams♪
♪Only by moving forward can you find reunion♪
♪Endings only mark new routes♪
♪It's all part of the scenery♪
♪To the horizon's call♪
♪Your journey hasn't started♪
♪Towards mountains, chase the stars bright♪
♪Let time embrace you and wash away the past♪
♪Put every twist behind you♪
♪Drift leisurely through time♪
♪Make headway against the wind♪
♪Let mountains bow to your pace♪
♪Rush towards a life without regret♪
♪Let your nature burst free♪
=The First Jasmine=
=Episode 22=
Your Highness, please wait. His Majesty will be here soon.
Stop hiding.
Come on out.
Assassinating a prince here? You've all lost your minds!
Kill him!
I'll ask you one more time. Who sent you?
Aren't you crippled?
You're dead.
I haven't given my all yet.
My opponents are all so weak.
Indeed, Dachu is a land of courtesy.
Your warriors even fight with courtesy, yet they're utterly spineless.
Since you're all less interested,
I'll propose a challenge prize.
Your Highness, I request permission for a prize.
I propose to wager 200 war horses from Cangbei.
Whoever defeats me will get the prize.
Granted.
Thank you, Your Highness.
We should kindly respond to it.
Since General Lei proposed it, we should also provide a prize.
If you win,
Cangbei will get 1,000 forging blades.
Your Majesty, that's a good prize, but it's not what I want.
What do you want?
I want to request an item from Prince Ding.
Years ago, my father died under his Lanyun Spear.
Today, if I am fortunate enough to win,
Prince Ding will give me the Spear. It's to rest my father's soul.
Prince Ding is a little drunk and has excused himself to sober up.
General Lei, how about changing the prize?
Prince Ding isn't here, but his wife is.
It's just an old spear.
Prince Ding is now disabled.
He can't use the spear anymore. Better to give it to me.
And I'll put it to good use.
Besides, I'm not asking to fight Prince Ding.
Anyone from Dachu can step up.
Dachu, a big country, claims to be teeming with capable men.
How is it possible that none of you can fight?
Rude!
Ignorant man, you're quite insolent.
You wretch, I'll teach you a lesson!
- Father! - Sit down!
He is too insolent.
Sit down!
Princess Ding.
So, about the prize I want, will you provide it or not?
Though we may no longer be as illustrious as we once were,
We can certainly offer a spear as a prize.
It's a pity. A true man deserves
To have the spear.
But General Lei, I don't think you...
What are you implying?
You mean I am unworthy of your spear?
No offense,
But since you ask, I have to explain.
The Spear was from our late Emperor,
With inscribed words, "Loyal" and "Brave".
It's meant to praise Prince Ding for his loyalty and bravery.
You're undoubtedly brave.
However,
A traitor who served four masters is never considered loyal.
How dare you!
Your clan once served Prince Gun,
But betrayed him and turned to Narong for personal profit.
When Narong collapsed, you shifted allegiance to Xiduo.
Your loyalty swayed with the wind.
When Xiduo lost to Cangbei, you became subjects of Cangbei.
Serving four masters. You're unbelievably "loyal".
You're dead!
Prince Ding came.
You want a duel? I'll fight you.
You want the Lanyun Spear? Let's see if you can have it.
Charge!
Father!
- Awesome! - Awesome!
Withdraw!
Well done!
This arrogant man deserves it.
We lost.
Prince Ding is quite strong. Cangbei concedes defeat.
The two hundred warhorses will be delivered to your nation's border.
Thank you.
Prince Ding, you're finally cured after so many years.
It's truly a blessing for our nation.
What a delightful surprise.
Your Majesty, I didn't mean to conceal.
My leg was cured not long ago and is still weak.
I should not stand up.
But the situation was urgent, forcing me to give it a try.
Now, I have another urgent matter to report.
Zhang Hengyuan, how do you explain?
Your Majesties, I'm wrongfully accused!
This must be a frame-up!
I am but a Maritime Trade Commissioner.
Without power or influence, how would I dare conspire with Cangbei?
This is an immense slander!
Take him out! Interrogate him!
Yes.
Your Majesty, please! I'm wrongfully accused!
Your Majesty, I'm wrongly accused!
Your Majesty, I'll carefully interrogate and show no leniency.
Prince Li's case has already occupied all your time.
This case shall be left to Jingzhao Prefecture.
As you command.
Duke Hua has arrived.
Your Majesties, guards have been sent to verify.
The storehouse is full of dead killers, and all of them are palace eunuchs.
The eunuch who guided Prince Ding was killed in his room.
Duke Hua was absent just now.
Prince Ding, recount the entire story to Duke Hua once more.
Yes.
I received an urgent report from Gongshu Yang,
Military Governor of Huaixi.
He intercepted a letter from Cangbei.
The letter says
Zhang Hengyuan will kill Zhong Xingtong,
Vice Director of Ministry of Works after today's banquet.
Zhong Xingtong excels in mechanical engineering.
Before, methods for improving weaponry and forging fine steel weapons
All came from him.
He's now developing a new crossbow, called "Mountain Breaker".
This crossbow has immense power and an extremely long range.
Additionally, its ingenious structure makes it easy to transport.
It truly is a powerful weapon for storming cities and strongholds.
From this, I think
Cangbei must have discovered our vital weapon is nearly completed.
They feel threatened and intend to eliminate it.
This is utterly outrageous.
Marquis Muyang, what's your take on this?
No need to be evasive.
Just ask directly if this has anything to do with me.
Your Majesties.
Zhang Hengyuan has served as an official for over ten years,
From a seventh-rank magistrate to the Maritime Trade Commissioner.
Although not a pillar of the court,
He is cautious and diligent.
He often says a poor scholar like him coming this far
Is solely due to the grace of Your Majesties.
Today, as a court official, he's living an affluent life.
I truly cannot figure out why he riskily colludes with the external enemy.
Could he possibly be plotting rebellion?
Moreover, assassinating a prince within the imperial palace?
Does Zhang Hengyuan have the bravery or the capability for that?
Zhang Hengyuan doesn't, but others might do.
Others? Are you referring to me?
Ms. Qin, where is my father?
What exactly happened?
You've been in the capital for two years now, right?
It is time for you to return to Lingnan and see your mom.
Why would I suddenly have to go back?
What has happened?
Well...
What exactly happened to my father?
Please tell me.
What's wrong with him?
When did your leg injury heal?
Seeing your swift movements just now,
I could scarcely believe it.
Thank you for your concern.
Ye Li carefully cured me with acupuncture and medicine.
In truth, my leg was better a few days ago.
But I couldn't walk very well.
I kept it quiet to avoid unnecessary complications.
Unexpectedly, what happened today forced me to stand.
It's a blessing.
Good! Heaven bless you.
Today, you fought for pride.
But you're not fully healed yet. Be careful.
Take good care of yourself, and do not fight again.
I will, sir.
Has your heart condition been stable recently?
Don't worry.
I'm not very busy now or getting over-tired.
I feel much healthier.
You take good care of yourself.
Yes.
Greetings, sir.
Is this Ye Li?
Yes, my wife.
Little Li, you've grown this big!
You have a confident manner like your grandfather.
How is he now?
Thank you for your concern.
My grandfather is in good health.
He compiles and writes books with the others.
He also fishes and gardens in his leisure time, quite content.
Good, I am relieved to know that.
After all these years, the situation has become generally calm.
If your grandfather wants, I would petition to reopen Lishan.
Thank you.
Grandfather often says
That nature nurtures one's character and that writing clears the mind.
Now, he prefers to remain secluded,
Living a quiet life.
Well, I see.
I know him well, so I'm not surprised at his choice.
Now, you and Yao are perfectly matched.
I'm so happy for you two.
You may go home.
Yao forced himself to fight. He must rest and recover properly.
Please take good care of him.
Sure, I will.
After all, I'm also quite happy
To see Yao back on his feet.
Alright, I'm off.
Take care.
See you.
(Danque Gate)
Li.
You go home first.
Zhang Hengyuan's case involves many, and I must handle it personally.
I have to go home late today.
Your legs have only just improved.
I'll be waiting at home. Come back as early as possible for your treatment.
As you command, my dear.
Once my official duties are finished, I will return home.
And you can do with me as you want.
Wonderful! I'll do an extra hour of acupuncture.
My dear wife is quite heartless.
But I'm okay with the needles.
I'm okay with whatever you do.
No matter how bitter the medicine is or how hot the moxibustion is,
I'm happy to accept it.
This urgent secret letter from Cangbei arrived from Huaixi yesterday.
It was intercepted by Gongshu Yang, Military Governor of Huaixi.
It reached the capital after quite a few setbacks,
Making Zhang Hengyuan kill Zhong Xingtong,
Vice Director of the Ministry of Works.
Did you have any inkling of this before?
This concerns our diplomatic relations. Please read the letter carefully.
Your Majesty, please trust me. I knew absolutely nothing of this.
As Cangbei has a newly seated ruler, a power struggle is going on.
There are plenty who bear grudges against me.
Even though the letter came from Cangbei,
It must have been schemed by treacherous individuals.
I'll ensure a full investigation and show no leniency.
My brother shares my sentiments.
We both prioritize the restoration of relations and the open flow of trade.
This path benefits all and is a blessing for the people.
The ceasefire
And friendly intercourse
Are the right choices.
I'm serious, Your Majesty.
Sit down.
No need to be so formal.
I am truly fond of you.
I wonder who could obtain your favor.
I'll be delighted
If our states become united through marriage.
Dachu is full of good men.
To be honest,
I've indeed met someone I like in Dachu.
One of the men at the banquet?
He's not of noble blood. Simply an old friend of mine.
To gain your favor, he must be exceptional.
When the time is right, I will bring him myself to meet you.
Do you trust Lingyun's words today?
Could she honestly be unaware of the assassination plot?
I just don't believe it.
Even if she knew, it doesn't mean she ordered it.
Her brother just ascended the throne. Opposition in Cangbei is strong.
If Zhong Xingtong died right after she arrived in Dachu,
It would cast suspicion on her as Cangbei's princess.
You always see the best in others.
By the way, your father is 60 years old, isn't he?
Why mention my father so suddenly?
I've noticed he has written to you a lot recently.
Have you considered returning to see him?
The cases involving Yuan Fang, Mo Jingli, and Zhang Hengyuan
Are growing more complex and delving deeper.
Still, we must press on and uncover the truth.
I fear what we uncover might sadden you.
If I wanted to leave, I'd be long gone.
I remain in the capital for you.
It is to serve as your eyes and hands.
I don't care about others, and they can't sadden me.
My only concern is your well-being.
Remember, my loyalty lies solely with you.
Of course, I remember.
(Yuncha Posthouse)
Your Highness, I've uncovered the truth.
It's a complex matter.
A lot of Dachu-made weapons were found in barracks a year or so ago.
How can you tell they're their weapons?
Observe this blade, Your Highness. It was made by Dachu.
Zhong Xingtong, a workman from Dachu, has developed the forging method.
This made their blades extremely sharp and armor exceptionally resilient.
They suspected traitors were smuggling arms to us.
So, they sent Yuan Fang to investigate.
Indeed, right after arriving in Huaixi,
He uncovered fraud involving military supplies and weapons.
But before he could dig deeper, he was killed.
Dachu immediately sent Gongshu Yang to take up the investigation.
He is the Empress Dowager's trusted man,
Highly capable, having served long in the Jingzhao Prefecture.
This case seems aimed squarely at us.
What makes you think so, Your Highness?
The arrival time of this letter is suspicious.
My brother has just taken the throne.
Internal strife continues in Cangbei.
I came to Dachu for friendly diplomatic relations.
But for personal profit, many officials don't want to see that happen.
If Zhong Xingtong died right after we arrived,
Dachu would surely become deeply suspicious of us.
The peace talks would fail.
Dachu is currently investigating the matter.
Mo Xiuyao got lucky and showed off.
During the martial contest, if he hadn't appeared...
How many times have I told you?
You're always so hot-tempered and reckless.
It's okay if you want to show your valor or challenge others physically.
But during the banquet, you provoked people
And even tried to attack Princess Ding.
Our mission concerns relations between the two states.
Without an unexpected event yesterday, what would happen in the end?
How would Dachu think of Cangbei?
Your Highness, I only meant to show them our strength.
My father...
Remember, you're a general of Cangbei.
And you are supposed to assist me on this mission.
If you not only fail to help me succeed but also disrupt my plans,
Don't blame me for being harsh.
I see, Your Highness.
Who's there?
It's you. What is it?
Your Highness, Prince Ding and Lady Lin are here
To discuss tomorrow's plans with you.
Haven't I told you?
Do not approach while I'm discussing important matters.
I deserve punishment.
Kneel in the courtyard. For four hours.
Yes, Your Highness.
You personally came to Dachu.
It shows you long for peace between our nations.
As for the letter,
Dachu believes you have nothing to do with it.
During my journey from Cangbei to Dachu,
The common folks, learning the reason for my visit, gathered to see me off.
It proves that peace is the shared wish of both peoples.
With the promise from Prince Ding, Cangbei will certainly act in good faith
To form good relations.
Excellent. I'll find out the truth about the letter.
Since you've come to Dachu,
Is there any place you wish to go? There are many scenic spots here.
On my way from Cangbei to Dachu,
Many commoners learned of my purpose and came to see me off.
They repeated a saying from Master Zhihe.
It's wise to turn enemies into friends.
I came for peace talks between us. I wish to meet Master Zhihe.
It's partly to realize the wish of both peoples.
Good idea. Master Zhihe has been lecturing on scripture at the temple.
You're going there to pray for peace.
It will surely become a cherished story for future generations.
Then it's settled.
Tomorrow at the Chen hour, I will escort you to meet Master Zhihe.
Thank you.
She has spared you.
Get up.
(Yuncha Posthouse)
Your Highness? Why are you here?
I'm waiting here for His Highness.
Where is His Highness?
Tomorrow we'll escort Princess Lingyun to meet Master Zhihe.
His Highness...
What brings you here?
Passing by on my way home,
I saw Jin and your carriage here.
I guessed you'd be inside.
Let's go home together.
Prince Ding! Prince Ding, wait a moment!
Prince Ding, please wait!
Give me a moment.
You recognized me.
It's been a long time.
Indeed, it has.
My mother was severely ill and passed away in exile.
My sister couldn't bear the bitter cold of the borderlands and hanged herself.
I was lucky and met Princess Lingyun.
Living is what matters.
Yes, it is.
And you?
Eight years ago, you injured your leg on the battlefield and couldn't stand.
Yet just days ago, I saw you on the training ground.
You're as brave and strong as before.
Has your injury been cured?
My wife healed me.
That's wonderful.
Take care.
You nasty woman, get out!
Zuidie.
(Qiongying Residence)
Zuidie! Zuidie, you're awake!
How are you feeling?
Ms. Wen?
It's me. I'm here, Zuidie.
Well, she is...
She is an old acquaintance of mine.
Her family fell on hard times, and she's been drifting alone for years.
She's suffered a lot.
Returning from my family tonight, I happened to see her collapsed,
So I brought her back for treatment.
She says she escaped after being bullied.
The physician also confirmed her injuries were caused by beatings.
Li, I'm worried about her and want her to stay here for a few days
Until she's better.
Is that allowed?
Since she's your old friend, of course, I'm okay with it.
Your Highness.
Your hair is damp from the rain. Please dry it with this kerchief.
Then, I'll go prepare hot water.
I...
What are you doing?
I don't like light-colored ones.
I want to pick them out.
Su Zuidie, daughter of the former chief of the Eastern Palace guards.
In our youth, she was betrothed to me.
But we were very young then. I have little memory of her.
That's why I didn't recognize her when I met her again.
Her entire family was implicated by the Eastern Palace.
Some were sentenced, others exiled.
When I was escorted back to the capital,
No one was left in her household.
We lost contact thereafter.
She now serves Princess Lingyun,
And she seems to be having a hard time.
The Wen family and the Su family were close for generations.
Seeing Su Zuidie collapse, she can't just stand by.
That makes perfect sense.
Then, take this bowl of sugar to her.
(How many men did the court send?)
(The Yingyang Battalion, the Huben Squad.)
(Over 200 men)
(sealed off Lishan completely.)
(Let alone a person, not even a mouse could slip through.)
(Lishan Mountain stretches long with towering peaks.)
(Could they tightly block all paths?)
(They only need to guard the main roads.)
(Behind Lishan are sheer cliffs and chasms impassable even to birds.)
(These are natural barriers.)
Your Highness, you should eat something and rest.
His Highness's belongings got messed up by the court officials.
It won't take just a day or two to tidy up.
Yes, Your Highness.
How about I pour you a cup of tea?
Don't worry about me.
I'd like to be alone for a while.
(To Mo Jingli of Lishan Academy) Ye Li?
(To Mo Jingli of Lishan Academy)
Your Highness.
Li!
Why is he still here?
He refuses to leave.
But you can kick him out.
I tried.
How did you try?
I had accounts stop paying his wages.
I won't go.
I still owe you two lives. I must repay you.
I told you.
This way.
Thank you.
Your Highness.
My lady instructed me to give this to you.
What is this?
My lady discovered this while sorting His Highness's belongings.
(Preview)
Zhang Hengyuan is not tough, so he won't last long against Mo Xiuyao.
Finish him.
(To Mo Jingli of Lishan Academy) Ye Li, I truly don't understand you.
Did you ever take our marriage to heart?
I don't wish to be an ignorant housewife.
Perhaps we don't know each other well.
Qin Cang, he's going to kill you!
Qin Cang!
♪Memories hold you back from fulfilling your dreams♪
♪Only by moving forward can you find reunion♪
♪Endings only mark new routes♪
♪It's all part of the scenery♪
♪To the horizon's call♪
♪Your journey hasn't started♪
♪Towards mountains, chase the stars bright♪
♪Both joy and grief make the trip worthwhile♪
♪Trying to catch up to your own lost shadow♪
♪Within the wilds, echoes thrive♪
♪Clear mind leads to a clear path♪
♪Be grateful to your losses♪
♪Make your steps weightless♪
♪Towards mountains, chase the stars bright♪
♪Let time embrace you and wash away the past♪
♪Put every twist behind you, drift leisurely through time♪
♪Make headway against the wind, let mountains bow to your pace♪
♪Rush towards a life without regret♪
♪Let your nature burst free♪
♪Unbound by form♪